Chapter-01/README.md, before:

# Install Grafana

Hardware Recommendations, Supported OS/Databases/Browsers details are officially documeneted by Grafana here: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/installation/

## Install on Debian or Ubuntu
Link to Official Documentation of Grafana: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/installation/debian/

## Install on RPM-Based Linux
Link to Official Documentation of Grafana: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/installation/rpm/

## Run Grafana Docker Image
Link to Official Documentation of Grafana: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/installation/docker/

## Deploy Grafana On Kuberenetes
Link to Official Documentation of Grafana: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/installation/kubernetes/

## Install on Windows
Link to Official Documentation of Grafana: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/installation/windows/

## Install on MacOS
Link to Official Documentation of Grafana: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/installation/mac/

Commit message:

Chapter02: Technical Requireements Details Update

Chapter-01/README.md, after:

# Install Grafana

## Objectives 
This chapter aims to give a basic introduction to Data Visualization with Grafana. We will touch upon details of Grafana installation requirements on different operating systems, what makes Grafana appealing as a monitoring tool and how to connect to Grafana from a local browser.

## Install on Debian or Ubuntu
Link to Official Documentation of Grafana: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/installation/debian/

## Install on RPM-Based Linux
Link to Official Documentation of Grafana: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/installation/rpm/

## Run Grafana Docker Image
Link to Official Documentation of Grafana: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/installation/docker/

## Deploy Grafana On Kuberenetes
Link to Official Documentation of Grafana: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/installation/kubernetes/

## Install on Windows
Link to Official Documentation of Grafana: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/installation/windows/

## Install on MacOS
Link to Official Documentation of Grafana: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/installation/mac/

## Docker-compose commands
i) Spin Up Grafana in daemon mode: `docker-compose up -d`

ii) Spin Down Grafana: `docker-compose down`
